Policy zoo contribution guidelines (#102)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: zoo/CONTRIBUTING.md

> # How to contribute to policy zoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to Contribute to the Policy Zoo
```

> Welcome to contribute to the policy zoo. There are a few guidelines to help you to submit your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All are welcome to contribute and in particular the utility of SMARTS is greatly enhanced by the diversity of the SMARTS policy zoo. Contained in this file are a few guidelines to help you contribute.
```

## Getting Started

* Make sure you have a GitHub account.
* Fork the repository on GitHub.

## Making Changes

* Place your work under `zoo/policies`.
    * Create a new folder for your work.

>     * You should include your training code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Preferably include your training code.
```

* Check the code style by running `make format`.
* Commit your changes.

## Submitting Changes

* Sign the [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/huawei-noah/SMARTS) for huawei-noah/SMARTS.
* Push your changes to your fork of the repository.
* Create a pull request to the repository.

> * The developer team reviews the pull request and gives review comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The community and development team will review the request and provide feedback.
```
